Cleanup and Update Game modes (#3965)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Game_modes/en.md

<!-- TODO: 
- retake images to be ASC-compliant (update with respective game mode stubs)
- add image for selecting game mode through Mode button -->

# Game modes

> In osu!, a **game mode** is one of the four distinct gameplay configurations included in the osu! client (osu! \[game mode\], osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania). All of which are based on, or inspired by, other existing rhythm video games. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In osu!, a **game mode** is one of the four distinct gameplay configurations included in the osu! client - osu! (game mode), osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania. All of which are based on, or inspired by, other existing rhythm video games. 
```
might be better?

Author: brackets within parantheses is correct, and works fine. plus using a single em dash at the end is... debatable

Reviewer: what about
```suggestion
In osu! (game), a **game mode** is one of the four distinct gameplay configurations included in the osu! client (osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania). All of which are based on, or inspired by, other existing rhythm video games. 
```

Author: that works too. but im wondering why we don't want the brackets in the first place

Author: @TPGPL is it ok if i go ahead and resolve this conversation? the brackets work fine afaik

Reviewer: if you think the current version is correct, then its fine. I guess im just not a fan of square brackets as a part of the text 🤷

Reviewer 2: I think it's clear enough that "osu!" means two different things here, since one is listed as a game mode. I find it a little odd that they sit in parenthesis though, considering they're the whole topic. somthn like this is how I would have written

```suggestion
osu! has four **game modes**: [osu!](osu!), [osu!taiko](osu!taiko), [osu!catch](osu!catch), and [osu!mania](osu!mania). Each has unique gameplay mechanics and was originally inspired by other rhythm games.
```

Author: Using a colon is actually not a bad idea. does this work well as a compromise?
```suggestion
In osu!, a **game mode** is one of the four distinct gameplay configurations included in the osu! client: osu! (game mode), osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania. All of which are based on, or inspired by, other existing rhythm video games. 
```
or maybe this?
```suggestion
In osu!, a **game mode** is one of the four distinct gameplay configurations included in the osu! client: osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania. All of which are based on, or inspired by, other existing rhythm video games. 
```

Reviewer: i would go with clayton's suggestion and use anchor links to specific headers instead of actual wikilinks

Author: @cl8n @TPGPL do the suggestions above work well? if so, which one sound better to you guys?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
osu! has four **game modes**: [osu!](#-osu), [osu!taiko]#-osutaiko), [osu!catch](#-osucatch), and [osu!mania](#-osumania). Each has unique gameplay mechanics and was originally inspired by other rhythm games.
```
i suppose thats the best option for this line

*Note: Each game mode has its own icon/symbol: ![][o!s] ![][o!t] ![][o!c] ![][o!m] (osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania respectively).*

The default game mode is osu! (or, as it is unofficially referred to as, "osu!standard"). However, upon start-up, osu! will open with the game mode that was last selected. To switch between game modes, players can either click on the `Mode` button near the bottom-right of their screen, or by pressing `Ctrl`+`1`, `Ctrl`+`2`, `Ctrl`+`3`, or `Ctrl`+`4` to switch to osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, or osu!mania respectively.

## ![][o!s] osu!

*Main page: [osu!](osu!)*

*osu!* (a.k.a. *osu!standard*) is the default game mode in the osu! client, and is based on the original [iNiS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INiS "Wikipedia") rhythm video game [Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")*. In osu!, the player is expected to tap hit circles, hold sliders, and spin spinners to the beat of songs.

> ![Gameplay of osu!](/wiki/shared/Interface_osu.jpg "osu! gameplay")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Gameplay of osu!](/wiki/shared/osu-gameplay.jpg "osu! gameplay")
```

## ![][o!t] osu!taiko

*Main page: [osu!taiko](osu!taiko)*

*osu!taiko* is based on the *[Taiko no Tatsujin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiko_no_Tatsujin "Wikipedia")* game series produced by [Bandai Namco Entertainment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandai_Namco_Entertainment "Wikipedia"). Made to mimic the feel of playing a real drum, the player makes use of a keyboard or drum kit to hit differently-colored circles on a single conveyor.

> ![Gameplay of osu!taiko](/wiki/shared/Interface_taiko.jpg "osu!taiko gameplay")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Gameplay of osu!taiko](/wiki/shared/taiko-gameplay.jpg "osu!taiko gameplay")
```

## ![][o!c] osu!catch

*Main page: [osu!catch](osu!catch)*

*osu!catch* is loosely based on a minigame inside of a [Beatmania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beatmania "Wikipedia") simulator, which itself is believed to be based on the *EZ2CATCH* mode from the [EZ2DJ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EZ2DJ "Wikipedia") series. The game mode consists of falling fruit of differing varieties and a "catcher" holding a plate to catch the fruit.

> ![Gameplay of osu!catch](/wiki/shared/Interface_ctb.jpg "osu!catch gameplay")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Gameplay of osu!catch](/wiki/shared/catch-gameplay.jpg "osu!catch gameplay")
```

## ![][o!m] osu!mania

*Main page: [osu!mania](osu!mania)*

*osu!mania* is based on a variety of conveyor-type rhythm games (namely [Dance Dance Revolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dance_Dance_Revolution "Wikipedia") and Beatmania). The game mode was chiefly introduced and implemented by [woc2006](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1105845), and is made to mimic the feel of a real piano through the use of keyboard keys.

> ![Gameplay of osu!mania](/wiki/shared/Interface_mania.jpg "osu!mania gameplay")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Gameplay of osu!mania](/wiki/shared/mania-gameplay.jpg "osu!mania gameplay")
```

<!-- TODO: 
- retake images to be ASC-compliant (update with respective game mode stubs)
- add image for selecting game mode through Mode button -->

> 

Reviewer: can be removed

# Game modes

> In osu!, a **game mode** is one of the four distinct configurations included in the osu! client (osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania). All of which are based on, or inspired by, other existing rhythm video games. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In osu!, a **game mode** is one of the four distinct gameplay configurations included in the osu! client (osu! (game mode), osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania). All of which are based on, or inspired by, other existing rhythm video games. 
```

Author: replaced the added parantheses with brackets for correct syntax; will unresolve if you disagree.

> *Note: Each game mode has it's own icon/symbol: ![][o!s] ![][o!t] ![][o!c] ![][o!m] (osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania respectively).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Each game mode has its own icon/symbol: ![][o!s] ![][o!t] ![][o!c] ![][o!m] (osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania respectively).*
```

> The default game mode is osu! (or, as it is unofficially referred to as,"osu!standard"). Although osu! will open with the game mode that the last signed in player last played. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default game mode is osu! (or, as it is unofficially referred to as, "osu!standard"). Although, osu! will open with the game mode that was last selected. 
```

> Players can change game modes by either clicking on the `Mode` button near the bottom-right of their screen, or by pressing `Ctrl`+`1`, `Ctrl`+`2`, `Ctrl`+`3`, or `Ctrl`+`4` to switch to osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, or osu!mania respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Players can change game modes by either clicking on the `Mode` button near the bottom-right of their screen, or by pressing `Ctrl`+`1`, `Ctrl`+`2`, `Ctrl`+`3`, or `Ctrl`+`4` to switch between osu!, osu!taiko, osu!catch, and osu!mania respectively.
```

Author: Not sure abt the and there

Reviewer: `between + and` is a correct form i think

## ![][o!s] osu!

*Main page: [osu!](osu!)*

> *osu!* (a.k.a. *osu!standard*) is the default game mode for the osu! client, and is based on the original [iNiS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INiS "Wikipedia") rhythm video game [Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")*. Players here are expected to tap, slide, and spin to the beat of songs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*osu!* (a.k.a. *osu!standard*) is the default game mode in osu! client, and is based on the original [iNiS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INiS "Wikipedia") rhythm video game [Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")*. In osu!, the player is expected to tap hit circles, hold sliders, and spin to the beat of songs.
```

Author: I assume you meant `in the osu! client` as apposed to `in osu! client`?

Reviewer: dunno i feel like `in osu! client` sounds more natural without `the` but you can add it if you think its correct

> ![Gameplay of osu!](/wiki/shared/Interface_osu.jpg "osu! gameplay")

Reviewer: might be better to include images right below headers?

Author: Was thinking abt that. My only concern would be that the size of the image makes the text too separated from the header

## ![][o!t] osu!taiko

*Main page: [osu!taiko](osu!taiko)*

> *osu!taiko* is based on the *[Taiko no Tatsujin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiko_no_Tatsujin "Wikipedia")* series of games produced by [Bandai Namco Entertainment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandai_Namco_Entertainment "Wikipedia"). Made to mimic the feel of a real drum, players take advantage of the use of a keyboard or drum kit to hit circles of differing colors on a single conveyor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*osu!taiko* is based on the *[Taiko no Tatsujin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiko_no_Tatsujin "Wikipedia")* game series produced by [Bandai Namco Entertainment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandai_Namco_Entertainment "Wikipedia"). Made to mimic the feel of playing a real drum, the player makes a use of a keyboard or drum kit to hit different-colored circles on a single conveyor.
```

![Gameplay of osu!taiko](/wiki/shared/Interface_taiko.jpg "osu!taiko gameplay")

## ![][o!c] osu!catch

*Main page: [osu!catch](osu!catch)*

> *osu!catch* is loosely based on a minigame inside of a [beatmania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beatmania "Wikipedia") simulator, which itself is believed to be based on the *EZ2CATCH* mode from the [EZ2DJ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EZ2DJ "Wikipedia") series. The game mode consists of falling fruit of differing varieties and a "catcher" holding a plate to catch said fruit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*osu!catch* is loosely based on a minigame inside of a [Beatmania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beatmania "Wikipedia") simulator, which itself is believed to be based on the *EZ2CATCH* mode from [EZ2DJ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EZ2DJ "Wikipedia") series. The game mode consists of falling fruit of differing varieties and a "catcher" holding a plate to catch the fruit.
```

![Gameplay of osu!catch](/wiki/shared/Interface_ctb.jpg "osu!catch gameplay")

## ![][o!m] osu!mania

*Main page: [osu!mania](osu!mania)*

*osu!mania* is based on a variety of conveyor-type rhythm games (namely [Dance Dance Revolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dance_Dance_Revolution "Wikipedia") and Beatmania). The game mode was chiefly introduced and implemented by [woc2006](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1105845), and is made to mimic the feel of a real piano through the use of keyboard keys.

![Gameplay of osu!mania](/wiki/shared/Interface_mania.jpg "osu!mania gameplay")

> [o!s]: /wiki/shared/mode/osu.png "osu!standard"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[o!s]: /wiki/shared/mode/osu.png "osu!"
```
